Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > a

Enter expression you want to convert in postfix > 8 - 2 + ( 3 * 4 ) / 2 ^ 2

Converted postfix expression : 82-34*22^/+

Evaluation of postfix expression : 9

Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > a

Enter expression you want to convert in postfix > a + b * ( c ^ d - e )

Converted postfix expression : abcd^e-*+

Enter value you want to replace with a > 4
Enter value you want to replace with b > 6
Enter value you want to replace with c > 2
Enter value you want to replace with d > 3
Enter value you want to replace with e > 5

Evaluation of postfix expression : 22

Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > a

Enter expression you want to convert in postfix > 1 + a / 2 * 4 - b

Converted postfix expression : 1a2/4*+b-

Enter value you want to replace with a > 2
Enter value you want to replace with b > 1

Evaluation of postfix expression : 4

Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > b

Enter expression you want to convert in prefix > 8 - 2 + ( 3 * 4 ) / 2 ^ 2

Converted prefix expression : -8+2/*34^22

Evaluation of prefix expression : 9

Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > b

Enter expression you want to convert in prefix > a + b * ( c ^ d - e )     

Converted prefix expression : +a*b-^cde

Enter value you want to replace with e > 5
Enter value you want to replace with d > 3
Enter value you want to replace with c > 2
Enter value you want to replace with b > 6
Enter value you want to replace with a > 4

Evaluation of prefix expression : 22

Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > b

Enter expression you want to convert in prefix > 1 + a / 2 * 4 - b

Converted prefix expression : +1-/a*24b

Enter value you want to replace with b > 1
Enter value you want to replace with a > 2

Evaluation of prefix expression : 4

Choose an option : 
a - Convert expression to postfix and Evaluate
b - Convert expression to prefix and Evaluate
c - Exit program
Option > c

Exiting program...